fix: CloudWatch metrics services documentation link (#2029)
grafana/terraform-provider-grafana: docs/index.md

#### Obtaining Cloud Provider access token

Before using the Terraform Provider to manage Grafana Cloud Provider Observability resources, such as AWS CloudWatch scrape jobs, you need to create an access policy token on the Grafana Cloud Portal. This token is used to authenticate the provider to the Grafana Cloud Provider API.

> [These docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/using-an-access-policy-token/#create-an-access-policy-for-a-stack) will guide you on how to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[These docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/create-access-policies/#create-access-policies-and-tokens) will guide you on how to create
```

an access policy. The required permissions, or scopes, are `integration-management:read`, `integration-management:write` and `stacks:read`.

Also, by default the Access Policies UI will not show those scopes, to find name you need to use the `Add Scope` textbox, as shown in the following image:

<img src="https://grafana.com/media/docs/grafana-cloud/aws/cloud-provider-terraform-access-policy-creation.png" width="700"/>

Having created an Access Policy, you can now create a token that will be used to authenticate the provider to the Cloud Provider API. You can do so just after creating the access policy, following

> the in-screen instructions, of following [this guide](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/using-an-access-policy-token/#create-one-or-more-access-policy-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the in-screen instructions, of following [this guide](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/create-access-policies/#create-tokens-for-an-access-policy).
```

#### Obtaining Connections access token

Before using the Terraform Provider to manage Grafana Connections resources, such as metrics endpoint scrape jobs, you need to create an access policy token on the Grafana Cloud Portal. This token is used to authenticate the provider to the Grafana Connections API.

> [These docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/using-an-access-policy-token/#create-an-access-policy-for-a-stack) will guide you on how to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[These docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/create-access-policies/#create-access-policies-and-tokens) will guide you on how to create
```

1. Once done, you should see the scopes selected with checkboxes.

Having created an Access Policy, you can now create a token that will be used to authenticate the provider to the Connections API. You can do so just after creating the access policy, following

> the in-screen instructions, of following [this guide](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/using-an-access-policy-token/#create-one-or-more-access-policy-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the in-screen instructions, of following [this guide](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/security-and-account-management/authentication-and-permissions/access-policies/create-access-policies/#create-tokens-for-an-access-policy).
```
